0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

A script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output. 

A script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.

Display the content of the /etc/passwd file.

Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.

Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.

Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.

A script that displays the third line of the file iacta.

A shell script that creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line

A script that writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it

A script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta. The file iacta will be in the working directory

A script that deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.

A script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory.The current and parent directories should not be taken into account.Hidden directories should be counted.

A script that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory. One file per line. Sorted from the newest to the oldest.

A script that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once. Input format: One line, one word. Output format: One line, one word. Words should be sorted.

Commit message:

It must be in that file

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

A script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output. 

A script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.

Display the content of the /etc/passwd file.

Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.

Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd.

Display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd.

A script that displays the third line of the file iacta.

A shell script that creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line

A script that writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it

A script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta. The file iacta will be in the working directory

A script that deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders.

A script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory.The current and parent directories should not be taken into account.Hidden directories should be counted.

A script that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory. One file per line. Sorted from the newest to the oldest.

A script that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once. Input format: One line, one word. Output format: One line, one word. Words should be sorted.

Display lines containing the pattern “root” from the file /etc/passwd
